Closes #14 Update README with how to use icons. (#24)
az-digital/az-icons: README.md

# Arizona Icons
Find more detailed information on how to use `az-icons` within the (Arizona
Bootstrap Docs)[https://digital.arizona.edu/arizona-bootstrap/docs/2.0/icons/].
## Download
Download Arizona Icons to get the compiled CSS and font files, source code, or
include it with your favorite package managers like npm, RubyGems, and more.

### Source Files
Compile Arizona Icons with your own asset pipeline by downloading our source
CSS, SVG, PNG, and font files. This option requires some additional tooling:

### Arizona Digital CDN
Skip the download with the Arizona Digital CDN to deliver cached version of
Arizona Icons’s CSS and font files to your project.

When choosing which version to include in your project, take these three choices
into account:

> **Stable** version: This option is the most recent version that has the most
> wide-spread adoption on sites.

Author: ```suggestion
**Stable** version: Each tagged release has a permanent CDN link. This version has to be upgraded on your project manually.
```

```
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.digital.arizona.edu/lib/az-icons/1.0.0/az-icons-styles.css" crossorigin="anonymous">
```

> **Latest** version: Latest tagged version. The most recently tagged stable

Reviewer: Could the use of "stable" here be confusing when comparing to the "stable version"?

Author: I'm not sure, what about:

```
Latest tagged version. This contents of this CDN link update automatically, every time we tag a release of `az-icons`. While there is some risk that if you use this link, the icons could randomly break on your site, the up-side is that you get access to new icons and upgrades to performance on each release.
```

release of AZ Bootstrap. While this has not been explicitly tested on this

> version of az_barrio, it’s probably OK to use on production sites. Please

Reviewer: What version is "this version of az_barrio"?

> release of AZ Bootstrap. While this has not been explicitly tested on this
> version of az_barrio, it’s probably OK to use on production sites. Please

Author: ```suggestion
release of AZ Bootstrap. While this has not been tested extensively out in the wild,
it’s probably OK to use on production sites. Please
```

# Arizona Icons
Find more detailed information on how to use `az-icons` within the [Arizona
Bootstrap Docs](https://digital.arizona.edu/arizona-bootstrap/docs/2.0/icons/).
## Download
Download Arizona Icons to get the compiled CSS and font files, source code, or
include it with your favorite package managers like npm, RubyGems, and more.

### Source Files
Compile Arizona Icons with your own asset pipeline by downloading our source

> CSS, SVG, PNG, and font files. This option requires some additional tooling:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CSS, SVG, PNG, and font files. This option requires some additional tooling.
```

### Arizona Digital CDN

> Skip the download with the Arizona Digital CDN to deliver cached version of

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Skip the download with the Arizona Digital CDN to deliver a cached version of
```

Arizona Icons’s CSS and font files to your project.

When choosing which version to include in your project, take these three choices
into account:

**Stable** version: Each tagged release has a permanent CDN link. This version
has to be upgraded on your project manually.
```
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.digital.arizona.edu/lib/az-icons/1.0.0/az-icons-styles.css" crossorigin="anonymous">
```

**Latest** tagged version: The contents of this CDN link update automatically
every time we tag a release of `az-icons`. While there is some risk involved

> with this link, for example, the icons could randomly break on your site, the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
with this link (for example, the icons could randomly break on your site), the
```

up-side is that you get access to new icons and upgrades to performance on each

> release automatically. It's probably OK to use on production sites. Please

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
release automatically. It's safe to use on production sites. Please
```

> report bugs to the AZ Digital team.

Reviewer 3: Would it be good to link "report bugs" to the Issues page or another page? The same report bugs link could be added to the Main version text below, or perhaps that note could be moved elsewhere.

> report bugs to the AZ Digital team.

Author: ```suggestion
[report bugs to the AZ Digital team](https://github.com/az-digital/az-icons/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=bug_report.md).
```

```
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.digital.arizona.edu/lib/az-icons/latest/az-icons-styles.css" crossorigin="anonymous">
```

**Main** version: Latest dev version. This is the tip of the main branch of
AZ Icons. Please do not use on production unless you are following the AZ

> Icons project closely. Please report bugs to the AZ Digital team.

Author: ```suggestion
Icons project closely. Please [report bugs to the AZ Digital team](https://github.com/az-digital/az-icons/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=bug_report.md).
```

```
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.digital.arizona.edu/lib/az-icons/main/az-icons-styles.css" crossorigin="anonymous">
```

### Package Managers

> Pull in Arizona Icons’ source files into nearly any project with some of

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Pull the Arizona Icons source files into nearly any project with some of
```

  graphics will need to be a single compound path)\*
- [ ] Save each icon independently as an SVG file

\* *Strokes in the SVG files will be ignored when IcoMoon generates the files
and must be converted to fills and/or compound paths before importing.*

### Generating the Font
Once each icon is saved as its own SVG file, they can be imported to IcoMoon and
mapped to [Unicode's Private Use Area
(PUA)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Private_Use_Areas) code points. This means
the glyphs will not be associated with any letters or characters which may be
otherwise used symantically.

When new icons are added the font files will need to be regenerated:

- [ ] The original PUA codes need to be matched to their corresponding icons in
  IcoMoon (a newly introduced icon will need an unused PUA code specified).
- [ ] Do _not_ change or duplicate the PUA codes connected with each existing
  icon (i.e., the icon class `.az-icon-award` is currently mapped to the PUA
  code `e901`).
- [ ] Make sure to name the font **az-icons** before clicking IcoMoon App's font
  download button (the name can be set by clicking the small gear icon next to

>   the download button first)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  the download button first).
```
